feat: add constraint stream profiling (#1901)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/integration/config-properties.adoc

Enable xref:using-timefold-solver/running-the-solver.adoc#environmentMode[runtime assertions] to detect common bugs in your
implementation during development.

{property_prefix}timefold.solver.{solver_name_prefix}constraint-stream-profiling-enabled::

> Enable xref:constraints-and-score/performance.adoc#constraintProfiling[constraint profiling] to identify the constraints taking the most time in score calculation and thus are worth optimizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable xref:constraints-and-score/performance.adoc#constraintProfiling[constraint profiling] to identify the constraints taking the most time in score calculation and thus might be worth optimizing.
```

Some constraints are just intrinsically harder. It's not because they take more time that they are "always" worth optimizing.
